Rework getting started pages (#273)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/graphql-self-hosted.adoc

= Self-hosting GraphQL

This tutorial shows you how to:

- Install the Neo4j GraphQL Library and its dependencies.
- Set type definitions that represent the structure of your graph database.
- Start an instance of the library to generate a GraphQL schema.
- Run an instance of a server to execute queries and mutations against your schema.

== Prerequisites

- The tutorial assumes familiarity with the command line and JavaScript.

> - Make sure that you have a recent version of Node.js installed.

Reviewer: Probably better to be specific here. We require nodejs 20 or higher

```suggestion
- Make sure that you have https://nodejs.org/en/[Node.js] 20+ installed.
```

import { Neo4jGraphQL } from "@neo4j/graphql";
import neo4j from "neo4j-driver";

const typeDefs = `#graphql
    type Product @node {
        productName: String
        category: [Category!]! @relationship(type: "PART_OF", direction: OUT)
    }

    type Category @node {
        categoryName: String
        products: [Product!]! @relationship(type: "PART_OF", direction: IN)
    }
`;
----

These type definitions only define the node labels "Product" and "Category", and a relationship "PART_OF" between the two. 
When the schema has been generated, you can execute queries for `products` and `category` to read data from the database.

Note that you can alternatively generate type definitions automatically from an existing database by xref::introspector.adoc[introspecting the schema].

== Create an instance of `Neo4jGraphQL`

For a database located at the default "neo4j://localhost:7687" (see more about https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/configuration/ports[port configuration]), with the username "username" and the password "password", add the following to the bottom of your `index.js` file:

[source, javascript, indent=0]
----

> const driver = neo4j.driver(

Reviewer: I'm not sure I love that we're hardcoding the credentials here without a note that it's not best practice (anyone with access to your source code now has access to your DB).

Either we just add a warning/note about this risk or we should try to use environment variables e.g.

```
const {
    NEO4J_URI = "neo4j://localhost:7687/neo4j",
    NEO4J_USERNAME = "neo4j",
    NEO4J_PASSWORD = "password",
} = process.env;

const driver = neo4j.driver(
    NEO4J_URI,
    neo4j.auth.basic(NEO4J_USERNAME, NEO4J_PASSWORD)
);
```

With this example it's still possible to hardcode to get going quickly but we should prompt the user to not commit real creds and set them using environment variables going forward

Reviewer: Not sure if you have any thoughts on this or better ideas @mjfwebb?

Reviewer 2: I like the idea of pointing towards using process.env, though I am also hesitant at implying it's "the secure way of doing things" because that really depends on the rest of the setup.

Keeping it hard-coded might be easiest so long as we explicitly state we do not recommend keeping it that way.

Author: let's add a note then
the point of the tutorial is to have a minimal working example to get started - let's keep the bar low and the code examples short/simple
